Men who married their girlfriend just because they felt pressured to do it— are you happy?
How do you feel about an iconic American like Bruce Springsteen calling the Trump Administration "corrupt, incompetent and treasonous" and describing them as authoritarian?
My husband (63M) goes cycling way too much leaving me, his (60F) wife alone. How do I help him understand he's losing me?
If you're grilling with Propane you might as well go inside and cook
Friend's [34M] Girlfriend [33F] Called Me [36F] A Pick-Me And Now My Friends Want Me To Apologize?
People who close window blinds on airplanes have lost the joy of living
my "friend" sent me CP, what do i do now?
Why aren’t former American Slave Plantations treated like former European Concentration Camps?
for a million dollars: would you rather fight a chimpanzee to the death or kill your entire bodyweights worth of fire ants in under a day
If you eat a rotisserie chicken really fast, does your body still register it as a meal or does it think you’re being attacked?
What’s something a man did that instantly made you feel unsafe, even if it wasn’t aggressive?
Why do boys fall into alt right pipelines way more than girls do?
My husband was laid off from Microsoft by an algorithm — after 25 years, his last day is his birthday
Men who make over 100k a year, what do you do for work?
When I was about 24 or 25 yo I purposely caused a tailgater to crash into a construction ditch, circled back around, got out of my car and taunted the driver.
What’s something you quietly stopped doing that dramatically improved your mental health?
People who left their partner the day of the wedding, what happened?
Why are Brown, Black, White, Green and Gray common surnames but Yellow, Orange, Purple, Blue and Red are not?
It must be insanely time-consuming to design fonts for Chinese and Japanese.
Neighbor Tried to Sabotage Our Fence. Now He Has No Yard Access.
People over 35, what's something you genuinely miss that younger generations will probably never experience?
My parents mentality
You can only choose one
Would you rather survive 30 days with these rules and get $10 million (die if failed) or continue your normal life?
The city that you enjoyed in your 20s isn’t trash now, you’re just old
What happens in private rooms at strip clubs?
Why is Russia banned from the Olympics but not Israel?
What's the wildest “mouth wrote a check that their ass couldn’t cash” moment you’ve ever seen?
If you loan a book you shouldn't expect it to come back in great condition
Should I ignore the movie during “Netflix and chill”??
Why is Israel supported so much at Eurovision and other world stages when Russia is not?
I [32M] created a boundary with my wife [29F] and believe I may have screwed something up.
What is a secret you’ve never told anyone but want to get off your chest?
My Indian wife’s very traditional parents saw her giving me a blowjob. Things are now awkward. How can we normalize the situation?
Your phone vibrating without any type of notification is a new form of psychosis.
WYR have a penis that glows blue before you get pussy, or a cock ring that instantly gives tanned washboard abs while you wear it.
Pulp Fiction is the only great movie Tarantino ever made
We always tell young aspiring artists they'll make no money, but we almost never tell young aspiring lawyers or doctors they'll have loans to pay off.
What would happen if you put a nicotine pouch in your foreskin?
How was Osama bin Laden able to live unnoticed just 1.5 kilometers from Pakistan's West Point in Abottabad?
Every day for the next ten days is going to be the same backwards:5/20/25 5/21/25 5/22/25 5/23/25 5/24/25 5/25/25 5/26/25 5/27/25 5/28/25 5/29/25
NSFW: what specifically is a P. DIDDY freakoff?
I lied my way through a job interview, got hired, and now I’m in over my head, but no one seems to notice
These are not fake btw.
Are there any other cases like the Rwandan Genocide where regular citizens started killing each other?
What are some ways in which you practice micro feminism? Go unhinged
If you could go back to being 24, what would you have started sooner?
There are people alive today who have heard the camera-shutter sound-effect more often than they’ve heard real shutters.
Do men get the ick from women too?
real tho
My son thinks I’m a hero. I feel like a fraud.
Why aren't there more topically-applied recreational drugs?
I might die in two days and I have so many things left unsaid
Your hands are enough.
Pirates of the Caribbean 3 is an inverted Schrödinger’s Cat: Davy Jones and Will stab each other’s hearts, creating a quantum superposition where both are dead, alive, and captain at once—until an observer pulls a blade and seals the resurrecting heart in a box, collapsing the wave function.
What's your "I'm calling it now" prediction?
How has your body betray you?
You get offered $50k if you can complete all these ridiculous tasks. WYR accept or deny?
You should brush yur teeth after eating breakfast, not before.
My boyfriend sleeps at 8am every night and it’s making me go insane.
I Did Something Horrible When I Was Fourteen. I Don’t Regret It.
Advice please? I, 25F am seriously considering ending things with my BF of 3 years, 30M, because of his sister, 25F.
(26) Is it toxic of my boyfriend (M27) to expect me to be with him every weekend and compensate him later if I don't go?
Wife wants to separate.  Isn’t willing to try anything else.
“I love you?”
Why do Eastern European women tend to have this “dead look” in their eyes?
My ‘27f’ boyfriend ‘30m’ told me he will break up with me if I don’t do this
It’s incredibly stupid having Batman and Superman in the same universe
I was getting a few hundred a month from my ugly boss
I can smell when people are sick and it’s driving me insane.
What are the real-life cheat codes that work almost every time?
What crazy shit happened in 2001 which got overshadowed by 9/11?
My girlfriend [47F] Posted this on Facebook. Should I be offended? [51M]
Encore culture needs to die
36f and I’ve been abstinent for 10 years and now I’m just feral
Took a massive dump outside because there was no bathroom nearby
Can women tell the difference between when a guy oozes his load vs shoots it? If so, what does it feel like?
Being a good child often turns you into an anxious, depressed adult
What are some purchases under $300 that will instantly change your life?
Do Women Actually Wear Matching Underwear?
I pretended to be French for two weeks at work and now I can’t stop.
How are you feeling about Trump revoking enrolment for international students at Harvard?
I was fired from Company A and marked as ineligible for re-hire, and then begin working at Company B. Now, Company B is going to merge with Company A. What's going to happen to me?
My girl smells ... how do I tell her without offending her?
Why do "picky eaters" always seem to gravitate toward the same foods? (eg. chicken tenders, fries, pizza, buttered noodles)
Are any other girls glad we don't have balls and a pp hanging between our legs/getting in the way?
It's convenient that water can't get cold enough that drinking it injures us the way that really hot water does.
How does sex between two morbidly obese people work?
How do men become friends with each other so quickly?
Should we just start writing checks again?
how do friends with benefits take each other seriously when having sex?
I spammed a coworker with email read receipts for three weeks. Always the same email.
Most people are disgusted by insects touching their food but happily enjoy eating honey, which is made by insects regurgitating nectar into each other's mouths.
On Vacation in Japan and I ejaculate much further. What is the cause?
You get one 30‑second phone call to any moment in history — who do you call and what do you say?
“Who should put the toilet seat down” is the dumbest argument I’ve ever heard
Was Bin Laden aware that crashing a plane into the twin towers would actually cause them to fully collapse?
"Snitching" is a good character trait and should be promoted as such.
How do I [22F] talk to my boyfriend [33M] about contributing more fairly to our shared living expenses when he says it's "not his house"?
why is it harder to impress blue collar people who haven't travelled much than well-off folks who have travelled the world?
