AITA for making my sister's gender reveal cake grey because she wouldn't tell me the gender?
9 years is wild
What is a NSFW green flag in a partner?
George Carlin once said, “Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.” What is a good example of that?
AITA for booking my own Air BnB so I don't have to sleep on a couch for six nights?
LPT: don't look at the new baby
Nature is so metal.
I’ve been faking a British accent at work for 3 months and now I can’t stop.
What’s a NSFW green flag in a partner?
I cannot look at a woman without observing her chest
What’s one “selfish” decision you made for your mental health that turned out to be life-changing?
What non sex profession has the freakiest employees?
Wife 2+ hours of alarms are pushing me to my breaking point
TIL the day after Robin Williams' suicide was announced, the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline saw the highest number of calls in a single day in its history with 7,500 (twice the normal number).
I Scammed My Job And Ended Up With A Free Trip To Europe
How did that one kid in your high school die?
AITA for grounding my stepdaughter for selling my formal dress?
If humans need 8 hours of sleep to function properly, why did we evolve that way in a world where sleeping that long would’ve made us extremely vulnerable?
We just automatically assume that eggs in recipes means chicken eggs.
TIFU and tits 14 years too late to fix.
This is my mom.
Sean Evans, the “Hot Ones” guy, is a terrible interviewer.
You never realize how loud your clothes are until you’re trying not to wake someone up.
why do lesbian couples have higher divorce rates than straight/gay couples?
MIL won't stop calling us on our honeymoon!!!
Your parents have probably seen your butthole more times than you have.
Thank you and have a safe trip
My boyfriend accidentally called me the other day while he was still at the gym with his friends.
TIFU by getting a tattoo of my mom in a bikini
LPT.  If you want to use a hotel iron, iron a towel first before doing your clothes
What was the most disrespectful thing a woman has ever done to you before?
The “I still want to be invited even if I can’t go” people are the worst
Got written up for not being a team player so I became exactly that.
What's a bedroom "rule" or unspoken understanding you have with your partner?
LPT: If you want to avoid people on a street, walk around with a clipboard
I pretend my face still unlocks my mom’s phone
The only way to get her inside
It should be a common courtesy to put your dogs/animals away when you have visitors.
My fiancé got the worst news of his life, and I think Im being selfish
How the Web Became Unreadable
Hip Hop will soon be considered "dad music".
Corporate office jobs rock.
I Sat in the Food Court Just to Smell the Pizza Today
Why are Brown, Black, White, Green and Gray common surnames but Yellow, Orange, Purple, Blue and Red are not?
The fuck is this? This is SUCH bs
I grew up thinking that I was English, but I was American
Lugguage found. Daughter? Not yet
Got ya
Ashes to ashes
[10 Year Update] Me [39 M] with my wife [39 F] of 10 years. Found out 2 months agoshe cheated on me. She took pills, went to the hospital; we're working through it but it sucks and I'm not always sure I can.
Why do you watch that garbage? It's so
i went on a date with a guy dressed like that… is it a green or a red flag 😔?
Real🐣
My wife just stopped talking to me. I don’t know when it started, but now it’s just silence.
My dad dragged me to a physical office to try to get me a job, got escorted by security.
What’s a very American problem that Americans don’t realize isn’t normal in other countries?
It must be insanely time-consuming to design fonts for Chinese and Japanese.
Given how many "Loss" references exist on the Internet, I wonder how often AI image generators incidentally create images that incorporate the reference without people realizing it.
If you're grilling with Propane you might as well go inside and cook
LPT Boredom is a cheat code for productivity.
What is the sweetest thing your partner has told you or done under the influence?
Earthquake at Tesla: Employees demand Elon Musk's head and are summarily fired
TIFU by taking laying my head on my boyfriends lap
High schools requiring students to READ Romeo and Juliet is a crime against the work since it guarantees that the student's first exposure to the play will NOT be how the work was meant to be consumed.
what drug would cause someone to eat 2 bags of chocolate chip cookies, 2 bags of gummy worms then masturbate like 10 times?
I can't stop thinking about Celine Dion, when I do the dishes.
[34F] dating a [33M] settle this for me am I ungrateful
BF (25 M) said I ruined his birthday, I tried. What do I do?
What happens in private rooms at strip clubs?
My parents mentality
if I (and the average person I think) work from 8-6 from Monday - friday. then how am I supposed to ever go to the bank when their only open from 9-5 mon-friday?
My boyfriend has abandoned almost all household chores. Please help, I dont know what to do
Got denied a promotion because I “make it look too easy”
I was getting a few hundred a month from my ugly boss
People who left their partner the day of the wedding, what happened?
Why do male acquaintances give me fist bumps (female)?
What's something innocent that feels 10x more intimate than it should?
Designer brands have convinced us all it’s completely normal to walk around every day with some dude you’ve never met’s name printed on your underwear.
TIFU by making an accidental noise during a zoom interview (but somehow got hired)
Who is a celebrity who did horrible stuff when they were alive but are praised like saints now that they're dead?
Gartic phone is such a good game
In the last 5 yrs, what did you lose?
We always tell young aspiring artists they'll make no money, but we almost never tell young aspiring lawyers or doctors they'll have loans to pay off.
Ladies who met their partner through dating apps, what was different about that first date ?
women who are activitly try to date and find someone (or even "the one") how bad (or good) is the dating game?
Men who married their girlfriend just because they felt pressured to do it— are you happy?
What is the most disturbing confession you've seen on reddit?
I’m afraid I don’t love my wife anymore
I lied my way through a job interview, got hired, and now I’m in over my head, but no one seems to notice
What is too clingy for you in relationships?
I secretly found out my friend is very rich
Ladies who are introverts how and where did you meet your partner?
What are the new standards women have developed that you feel are too high / insane?
LPT, Bartering still works great
Plastic surgeons of reddit, what body altering surgery would you never get and why?
What non porn movie has the best sex scene?
Guys, what was your "Oh, no, I CAN'T fix her" moment?
I’ve been trapped in the wrong body for 25 years, and it’s slowly destroying me inside
We're pretty lucky that pigeons make gentle cooing noises and not loud squawking noises.
Stupid dumbass calculator 😭
Advice please? I, 25F am seriously considering ending things with my BF of 3 years, 30M, because of his sister, 25F.
LPT: socially anxious? Learn the small talk formula and practice in low stakes interactions
LPT: Before watching a video essay, check how often the creator uploads
How has your body betray you?
My house burned down
Update: I showed my wife the post. We talked. Really talked.
People who have genuinely ruined their life, what is your story?
If you loan a book you shouldn't expect it to come back in great condition
this is my overall grades at school
Sleeping in separate beds would do wonders for many couples who are living together
Can a person actually / medically "hang on" longer then they are otherwise supposed to through sheer force of will?
Why aren’t former American Slave Plantations treated like former European Concentration Camps?
Why does this emoji exist?
TIL HBO didn't submit Alfie Allen (Theon), Carice van Houten (Melisandre), & Gwendoline Christie (Brienne) for Emmy consideration for their work in Game of Thrones' final season, so they each decided to pay the $225 entry fee to submit themselves. This resulted in all three receiving an acting nod.
the sheer dress trend is hideous and needs to END
Tf is my school🥀
[ Removed by Reddit ]
I [32M] created a boundary with my wife [29F] and believe I may have screwed something up.
TIL When musician Prince died, he left behind a vault containing nearly 8,000 unreleased songs but he had forgotten the combination. Measuring 6 1/2 feet tall, several feet wide, and weighing 6,000 pounds, the massive vault required a professional safecracker to break into it
TIFU I fucked up by stopping to talk with a stranger
TIL that Neptune was discovered in 1846 not by accident, but because astronomers noticed Uranus was wobbling off course. Mathematicians used Newton’s laws to predict where a hidden planet should be and when they pointed a telescope there, Neptune was right where the math said it would be.
TIL that when cars were new, hitting a pedestrian was a serious matter called a *motor killing*. As it happened more as there were more cars and more crashes, Car Manufacturers hired public relations spin doctors to invent the word Jaywalker to shift fault to pedestrians for getting hurt and dying.
Are there any other cases like the Rwandan Genocide where regular citizens started killing each other?
What’s the one thing men desperately want to talk about… but almost never do ?
TIFU by wearing grey athletic shorts out of the house
My bf [25M] refuses to marry me [22F] until we’re in our 50’s. I don’t know what to do.
Did the U.S. intelligence see the 9/11 attacks coming, or were they completely oblivious?
I non-ironically believe AI is destroying society
Tell me it's just not my mom 🥴...
TIFU by suplexing my cat and accidentally activating my other introverted cat’s final form.
TIFU By finding out my friend is racist when I wanted to surprise him.
My bf [22M] wants me [20F] to move in with him
LPT: Sleep friendly hotel tricks
TIFU by accidentally leaving my sex toy out on my bed
TIL In 2003, the All-England Lawn Tennis Club (organizers of Wimbledon) began paying $2M annually for pandemic insurance, which it did for 17 years. In 2020, Wimbledon was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the Club collected a $141M payout.
my partner (33F) eats like a savage when we eat together and try to relax
The amount of time I was called a girl/trans is incredible
TIL that in 1997, 24.6% of US 12th graders smoked cigarettes every single day. By 2023, that number fell to 0.7%.
I half-assed my way through college and law school
Meal prep culture is weirdly depressing sometimes
Got questioned at the food bank today and it really bothered me.
If someone actually has the worst day ever, they’d probably brush it off because ‘other people have it worse’.
I made of the guy I'm seeing and he punched me on the face..
LPT: Create an email address for your child when they’re born, and send them photos, write about funny moments, and milestones as they grow up. Give them the login as a gift when they become adults.
I don’t want to move in together
TIL in December 2020, GoDaddy tricked employees into thinking they had earned a bonus of $650. Employees were then told they had failed a phishing test and were required to do social engineering training. After media criticism, the company apologized to its staff, but did not offer actual bonuses.
If you could go back to being 24, what would you have started sooner?
Why don’t many people consider adoption as an alternative to biological children?
McDonald's Crispy Tenders are way too expensive!!!
People who sleep naked, when has it ever backfired?
I’ve worn a fake engagement ring for five years to keep men away and never took it off.
How do you professionally tell your boss that you won’t be his “back office” guy anymore?
The "kissing someone to get them to stop rambling" thing is cringey.
Don't want to stop pranking me? Eat dog food
If you run 10 miles does your body get more benefits than if you walk 10 miles? Or is it about the same?
What’s a piece of advice that sounded stupid at first but turned out to be life changing?
I lied about my citizenship to get a debit card and ended up saving $700 when booking hotel rooms months later because of the price discrimination
TIL in 1983, an 18-year-old boy fell from Space Mountain, paralyzed from the waist down. Disneyland was found not at fault. Throughout the trial, the jury was taken to the park to experience Space Mountain, and multiple ride vehicles were brought to the courtroom to illustrate their functionality.
LPT: If you coach a youth sports team today... Bring a bunch of single flowers for the kids to give to their moms after the game/practice
What’s something you didn’t do that everyone said you should?
Hey if you're from the EU please sign this to stop the torture of LGBTQ children
Just like people who refuse to eat the brown part of bananas, there are probably cannibals who refuse to eat the bruised part of a human.
What is the best response to "Fuck you" ?
Why are ICE agents always or at least typically wearing masks when making an arrest?
TIL that the ‘Age of Piracy’ only lasted around 80 years. It started in 1648 after the Treaty of Westphalia pushed European powers to hire privateers, and declined between 1714 and 1723 when the War of Spanish succession ended, Nassau was retaken, and every famous pirate had been killed or captured.
TIFU by renting a penthouse office for "motivation" and now I’m stuck in a 3-year lease I can’t use
Do women look at a mans ass and muscles how men look at a womens chest and ass
LPT: When someone hands you their phone and asks for a photo, take multiple shots of them
I'm not allowed to use the adult bathroom anymore
Getting drafted can either be the best day of your life (sports) or the worst day of your life. (military)
LPT: Always get a new car insurance quote before renewing
TIL that the rap vocals in Evanescence's Bring Me To Life were added in by Wind-Up Records against lead singer Amy Lee's wishes due to the rising Nu-Metal scene.
Why are so many women responding to questions in r/AskMen
What’s the typical effort split between you and your partner during sex?
Say which country you live in without using these letters
Should I [25M] be more strict with my wife [24F] about her guy best friend?
Would you be open to teaching someone with little sexual experience, or do you prefer being with someone who already has a lot of experience? Feel free to share why!
TIL Hulk Hogan claimed in his autobiography that he once wrestled 400 days in a year because of his frequent trips back and forth from the USA and Japan
You've very likely never seen a real monkey eating a banana.
LPT: Clean your ceiling fan blades before switching direction!!
If you live in an apartment building, you should not make food delivery drivers come to your door
What’s something you lost that still aches in quiet moments?
“Viewer discretion is advised” likely attracts more people than it dissuades.
MIL is pressuring us (34 M/F) to move in with her and it’s ruining my marriage
Do women undergoing surgery to become men get to choose the size of their penis?
What lyric about being a woman strikes a chord with you most?
LPT: Policies and procedures are created by people and can be amended by people
Which car do you see on the road and instantly think, ‘Yeah, this person’s definitely an a-hole?
What if you met yourself but the opposite gender?
What is the Most embarrassing thing that has happened to you on a night out involving a women.
How do you feel about an iconic American like Bruce Springsteen calling the Trump Administration "corrupt, incompetent and treasonous" and describing them as authoritarian?
TIFU by tattooing my own foot.
What are your immediate food “nopes”?
I've learned that my dad (56M) had an affair 10 years ago and that he had a baby from it, and don't know how to react.
TIFU by trying to kill my wife
TIL that jaywalking is not illegal in the UK, and that while pedestrian crossings are plentiful, they are not compulsory to use. Ultimately, it is seen as the personal responsibility of the individual to make a sound enough judgement to cross safely.
LPT: Don’t try to concentrate when you meditate — just pay attention.
Emoji Evolution
This one's going to sound real stupid. My brother said he finds The Boondocks racist towards black people and I shouldn't watch it. I mostly saw them making fun of racism. Is it racist?
Guys, if a female friend invited you to stay the night, how did you interpret it and what happened?
UPDATE: My (46F) BF’s (49M) friend (47F) doesn’t want me around - resolved; I had some misconceptions about the current situation
Is this a toxic relationship? 😭
Chickens will never save you money in the long run
Over $100,000 in debt at 35, while also making about $100,000
I'm gonna unalive myself when my mother passes away
When am I [26F] abandoning my friend [36M] who struggles with mental health and when is it protecting myself?
What is a hobby that's an instant red flag?
What's something your partner does that drives you crazy but wouldn't want any other away?
How do youtrack your period?
How did you realize someone has fallen out of love with you?
What’s a clear sign you’re getting older?
People who complain about their name being mispronounced by strangers are whiney and entitled.
Folks with Master's degrees should be called Master as a formal title
Boomer bullied me, now her inbox is being bullied hahaha
My boyfriend resents me because my family supports me financially, but his family doesn’t support him.
First off, my apologies, but without being insensitive and this question is with all due respect, however a true NoStupidQuestion: Was there ever any sex in Jewish concentration camps between prisoners?
Why did he get so angry just because I couldn’t remember the last time I went out to a bar?
You should brush yur teeth after eating breakfast, not before.
What movie absolutely destroyed you emotionally?
Is it possible to ejaculate without touching the penis?
Cigarette smoke smells good
TIFU by never talking about passing gas.
LPT: If a consumer product is branded as having a 'new look', check the size.
Am I overreacting? I(30f) want my partner(30m) to figure his shit out.
My wife is leaving me for a surgeon
I used to go on a weirdo hunt on the Internet when I was a teen
I flashed my two best friends and we all touched one another while drunk
The Person Who Eats/Drinks the Second to Last Item Should Throw the Box Away
TIL that Disney once tried to open a park that would allow guests to "feel what it was like to be a slave." It was a disaster.
TIL in 2008, 4 men took a wedding guest into the woods and stabbed him to death after he accidentally brushed the bride's backside. They then set his corpse on fire, consumed portions of his body, and reportedly served some of his remains to other guests at the wedding.
I silently grieve something I was never able to have
What would actually happen if Kim jong un tried sending a nuke to the US?
My girlfriend [47F] Posted this on Facebook. Should I be offended? [51M]
Your phone vibrating without any type of notification is a new form of psychosis.
A girl in my class drew this on my hand
What’s the worst thing someone’s asked you to do during sex?
If you have a kid, you've created a sacrifice of life to the universe.
Crying because my husband's bestfriend drove 40 minutes to come pick him up
I (26f) am starting to feel resentment towards my (26m) boyfriend. I don't want to lose him
Should I [40M] fight to keep my wife [41F] after she cheated?
What’s something a man did that instantly made you feel unsafe, even if it wasn’t aggressive?
Fellow men of reddit, what is the motto you live by, mine is "shit happens, keep going forward"
Why, in 2025, does banking basically cease over the weekend. Most transfers, payments, deposits, etc, simply don't occur until the following Monday and that feels...backward.
My ex husband became rich and famous after our divorce
Why is the USA news media pronouncing Qatar as 'Cutter'?
What do you think is the biggest lie that men are made to believe growing up?
I'm terminating my parental rights tomorrow.
TIL the White Star Line sent grieving Titanic families a bill—demanding a £20 “deposit” (≈£2,100 today) to ship their loved one’s body home, and saying that if they couldn’t pay, the company would simply bury the corpse in Halifax and mail them a photo of the grave.
Boys - tell me the times u didnt pick up a hint
CAN PEOPLE PLEASE FUCKING KNOCK ON THE FUCKING DOOR
Friend trying to takeover birthday trip..again. How do I nicely remedy this?
Men who make over 100k a year, what do you do for work?
The city that you enjoyed in your 20s isn’t trash now, you’re just old
My Indian wife’s very traditional parents saw her giving me a blowjob. Things are now awkward. How can we normalize the situation?
What’s something you quietly stopped doing that dramatically improved your mental health?
TIL Charles Darwin only worked about 4 hours a day. He worked for two 90-minute periods each morning & then one 60-minute period later in the day. Before the latter, he would take an hour nap & go on 2 walks. On this schedule he wrote 19 books including The Descent of Man & On the Origin of Species.
What’s a dead feature of the internet you still secretly mourn?
LPT: 10 minutes of silent meditation before bed can drastically reduce impulsiveness and improve sleep
Boxer briefs are not comfortable no matter what the brand.
He thinks he’s allergic to chicken, he’s not. I hate lying to him.
My brother abandonded his affair child to child protection services
If octopi were the dominant species, they would see losing their shells like how humans lost their fur.
I met my girlfriend through a NSFW r4r subreddit
TIFU by telling a stranger his triceps looked “yummy”
Passing a cyclist should be mandatory for your driver's exam
Nah bro what is this school on 😭🙏
My husband (63M) goes cycling way too much leaving me, his (60F) wife alone. How do I help him understand he's losing me?
My date whose older than me told me I was too old for him
GOT MY STRAIGHT FLAG
If human beings laid eggs, consuming them would be considered anything from taboo, to ritualistic, varying from culture to culture.
My boyfriend sleeps at 8am every night and it’s making me go insane.
No matter how absent-minded people are, nobody ever seems to forget the words "thing" or "stuff".
Used a generic “Ozempic” and now I can’t really escape the lie
What is something regrettable that you did to your Body that you would give your lifesavings to reverse?
The remaining orcas in captivity should be humanely euthanized.
I’m (F30) about to leave my BF (M36) tonight or tomorrow and I’m hurting.
why is it harder to impress blue collar people who haven't travelled much than well-off folks who have travelled the world?
I love my partner, but I miss the feeling of being in love
My bf(23m) told me (21f) to “shut the fuck up” on a ft w his friends
People over 35, what's something you genuinely miss that younger generations will probably never experience?
We need the next Smells Like Teen Spirit
Do guys look at the butthole when doing doggy?
With skin cells constantly regenerating how do tattoos not disappear?
I missed the first 4 years of my daughter’s life, and now she’s living with me
You have received a million of the thing you last googled! What do you now have way too many of?
TIL in 2010 a guy stranded in Saskatchewan wilderness cut down power poles with an axe to trigger a power outage, attracting utility rescue team
TIL that Brittany Murphy died of pneumonia and severe anemia, and five months later her husband, Simon Monjack, died of pneumonia and severe anemia.
TIFU by texting my boss instead of my girlfriend
TIFU by following up my Ben Wa Ball saga with a new kind of downward disaster
You can only choose one
Incels on the wild (The image on their back is that of a fat woman)
36f and I’ve been abstinent for 10 years and now I’m just feral
TIL in order to avoid a $94 AUD excess charge for bringing a second carry-on bag onto his flight, James McElvar (from the group Rewind) decided to empty the bag & put on all of its contents. With 12 layers of clothes on, he became violently sick during the flight & collapsed from heat exhaustion.
TIFU by singing the muppet song in a room full of elderly people
What’s a “guy secret” that’s completely harmless but weirdly universal?
It's crazy how the previous generations were so addicted to cigarettes that they had inbuilt lighters in their cars.
The first 2/3 years of the Truman Show must've been really boring to watch.
The idea that you master something after ten thousand hours does not hold much water, as people still bite their tongue when they eat.
The children most impacted by peak leaded gasoline fumes are now 50-75.
The Pope has appeared just a day before his death, reading during the mass, and even riding the popemobile, and having a meeting. How come he then suddenly passed away today?
Grape soda is always purple, which completely ignores the existence of green grapes.
I hope he is ok
Would you rather be given $70k/year for life to never work again, or make $250k for the next 25 years working?
I lost my Airpods in school and now they're in fucking Poland
WYR be tortured for 1 minute for $5,000, 1 hour for $500,000, or 1 week for $500 million?
Accidentally locked myself in a room with no doorknob in school
Snuck out for the first time
My straight crush just texted me this, is he only joking? I can’t tell and it’s driving me crazy
I can’t look at a man without looking at his ‘bulge’
WYR have a penis that glows blue before you get pussy, or a cock ring that instantly gives tanned washboard abs while you wear it.
You get offered $50k if you can complete all these ridiculous tasks. WYR accept or deny?
If one day an evil deity appears in your dream and informs you're cursed and will die in 5 years and allow you to make a choice among the following, which one WYR pick?
WYR have a dog that can talk or earn $10 every time you hear a dog bark? (in real time)
Your hands are enough.
Ai is based ngl fr fr
When I was about 24 or 25 yo I purposely caused a tailgater to crash into a construction ditch, circled back around, got out of my car and taunted the driver.
Pulp Fiction is the only great movie Tarantino ever made
Friend's [34M] Girlfriend [33F] Called Me [36F] A Pick-Me And Now My Friends Want Me To Apologize?
My husband was laid off from Microsoft by an algorithm — after 25 years, his last day is his birthday
I Did Something Horrible When I Was Fourteen. I Don’t Regret It.
Don't click if you are easily disturbed or get upset easily
Took a massive dump outside because there was no bathroom nearby
Getting upset over your partner having a celebrity crush is silly
Why do boys fall into alt right pipelines way more than girls do?
What are some purchases under $300 that will instantly change your life?
How do I tell my girlfriend we need to lose weight?
Would you rather have to spend $1 billion in 3 days or die?
Wes Anderson Movies Are Terrible
What's the wildest “mouth wrote a check that their ass couldn’t cash” moment you’ve ever seen?
If you eat a rotisserie chicken really fast, does your body still register it as a meal or does it think you’re being attacked?
My girl smells ... how do I tell her without offending her?
My son thinks I’m a hero. I feel like a fraud.
my "friend" sent me CP, what do i do now?
Women of Reddit, what’s something men don’t realize is a turn-off?
What is the best physical  pleasure you have ever experienced?
We gave up everything to save our son. Now we’re trying to rebuild.
Being a good child often turns you into an anxious, depressed adult
Swiss army knives are stupid
Why is Russia banned from the Olympics but not Israel?
i sent my friend a song and she told me this 😞
What is a secret you’ve never told anyone but want to get off your chest?
bf [32M] drooling over his experience at the strip club to me [24F]
There are people alive today who have heard the camera-shutter sound-effect more often than they’ve heard real shutters.
Pad or Tampons at Night and Why?
Should I ignore the movie during “Netflix and chill”??
(26) Is it toxic of my boyfriend (M27) to expect me to be with him every weekend and compensate him later if I don't go?
People who make 100k a year without a degree, what do you do?
I’m dumping my disabled pregnant friend of 15 years.
What’s something about being a man that no one warned you about, but hit you like a truck when it finally did?
Do Women Actually Wear Matching Underwear?
Masseuse touched me inappropriately
Why aren't there more topically-applied recreational drugs?
Girlfriend kissed a guy at club while drunk. What do I do?
Private rooms in strip clubs
I experimented with a new way to urinate. Then I got drunk and told the whole bar.
When did you realize “Oh, I’m not young-young anymore”?
This trope of Italians getting pissed for recipes changes is dumb and not funny
Single men - do you consider yourself to be a catch? If so, why are you single?
Those of you who had an ick with someone you were dating and pushed past it, how did it turn out?
How do I move on from here? He's my everything
Just quit my job and I must confess something I've had on my mind
Girlfriend asked me a question about her pussy and I have no idea what the fuck she’s talking about
When I was a freshman in high school, I experienced something I will never forget.
What crazy shit happened in 2001 which got overshadowed by 9/11?
What's your "if you go low, I'll go lower" moment?
Nah,the science teachers are getting too wild
What is the “proper way” for me (25M) to end things with a girl (24F) who did something unforgivable?
What are the real-life cheat codes that work almost every time?
To every girl who wishes to have a big chest.
Would you rather survive 30 days with these rules and get $10 million (die if failed) or continue your normal life?
Is my son a us citizen?
I “kidnapped” my best friend in high school. My mom still jokes about it. I don’t.
How did you transition from a life of survival to a life of purpose?
My [19m] Girlfriend [18f] kissed a guy at the club while drunk.
I pretend to be bad at work so people don't give me more responsibilities
Why is Israel supported so much at Eurovision and other world stages when Russia is not?
Hookup took my phone, hid it in another room (in my own house?!) and gave it back to me when we were done
Those alive and old enough to remember during 9/11, what was the worst moment on that day?
(SERIOUS) What’s the worst way you know someone has died?
IS MY MOM OKAY??
I just threw out about 200 empty cans of beer from my room
When I was 19 / 20 I sort of “intentionally” got an airport terminal evacuated
I'm sleeping with the guy my sister is in love with.
for a million dollars: would you rather fight a chimpanzee to the death or kill your entire bodyweights worth of fire ants in under a day
Do men get the ick from women too?
Pirates of the Caribbean 3 is an inverted Schrödinger’s Cat: Davy Jones and Will stab each other’s hearts, creating a quantum superposition where both are dead, alive, and captain at once—until an observer pulls a blade and seals the resurrecting heart in a box, collapsing the wave function.
Women in their 30-40s, what/who is your biggest dogged bullet?
If the whole world relived the same day over and over, Groundhog Day style, it would probably take some people a while to notice.
It's weird how no one says anything after a cough. With a sneeze you get "bless you", but with a cough you just get awkward silence.
Men who live alone, what’s your most “bachelor survival” lifehack?
Choose ur pill
People who close window blinds on airplanes have lost the joy of living
What would happen if you put a nicotine pouch in your foreskin?
We associate monocles with rich people despite the fact they didn't spend the money on a full set of glasses.
Men over 40, what are your biggest regrets? What were your biggest accomplishments?
what is the reason your marriage has lasted all these years ?
How did you resist going back to a person you knew was bad for you?
Where someone aims their sneeze says a lot about their opinions of the people around them.
My coworker [60sF] slipped a card with $100 and a religious message into my [30sF] purse and I don't know what to do about it.
You get one 30‑second phone call to any moment in history — who do you call and what do you say?
How was Osama bin Laden able to live unnoticed just 1.5 kilometers from Pakistan's West Point in Abottabad?
Do female pornstars even feel good when having sex with male pornstars?
Getting “cut off” while driving is just a part of it and I don’t think it’s worth getting mad about
I feel awful about breaking up with my ex girlfriend
People who practiced the piano as kids played with music theory stuff like tritones and atonal music without even knowing it.
Why do Eastern European women tend to have this “dead look” in their eyes?
What made you realize that you were truly falling in love for the first time?
Croissants aren’t that good. They’re just greasy air.
You can probably now play "Degrees of Fortnite" like you could play "Degrees of Kevin Bacon" and link most media to Fortnite within a few examples.
What are your thoughts about attention spans dropping from 2.5 minutes in 2004 to 47 seconds in 2025?
How old were you when you got your shit together?
Can women tell the difference between when a guy oozes his load vs shoots it? If so, what does it feel like?
What is the best pick up line someone has used on you?
These are not fake btw.
Women who are successful, what's the most important thing you've learnt in career life?
Most "Thanksgiving" foods are not good.
WYR endure a year of door kicking, jazz blasting, glitter covered chaos and win $5 million or continue your normal life
Neighbor Tried to Sabotage Our Fence. Now He Has No Yard Access.
Boyfriend may have raped me while I was asleep
Met Peter griffin today :)
What do you expect to get from unsolicited NSFW DMs?
WYR Lucid dream every night or get 10$ every day
Too wet to enjoy?
What happens if someone wearing a chastity cage gets arrested and sent to jail?
Have you ever had close a female friend who you found genuinely attractive, enjoyed being around them and respected them deeply—but still never saw them romantically? What made the connection stay purely platonic for you?
How does sex between two morbidly obese people work?
If you are wanted by all the crime organizations in the world for a week and they are sending assassins after you, you got 100 points to spend on the following bodyguards, which ones WYR pick?
I might die in two days and I have so many things left unsaid
I didn’t think I could be a dad at 15. So I talked her out of it. Now I’m 19 and it still eats at me.
My ‘27f’ boyfriend ‘30m’ told me he will break up with me if I don’t do this
If you can pick 2 legendary items to receive from the set below which ones WYR pick?
I've rapidly become a very dumb person and I'm not sure why.
Got a call from the “Police” at 2 AM right after I was checking out their website, and I’m still confused
Should we just start writing checks again?
Would you rather become the wealthiest person on earth or have perfect health and looks until 80?
My mom gave me a dress today and I’m still processing what it meant
Husband implies he is worried about having kids with me in the future because he doesn't want them to be like me
GF 27f lied about her job for 5 months.
I just doubled someone's salary.
WYR randomly get sucker punched in the face once a month, for a year, or do your grocery shopping nude, wearing sunglasses just once.
My wife has Pavloved me.
Update-My wife admitted to having a drunken one night stand last week and it has turned me into a robot
UPDATE: My husband turned 40 and suddenly became the man I married again
Tonight I saw the negative effects of porn firsthand with my girlfriend.
My wife is insane and it made us 185k
marrying for money sucks and I do not recommend it
My wife (30F) admitted to a drunken one night stand last weekend and it has turned me (32M) into a robot
I intentionally ask women well above the legal age limit(alcohol) to show me their ID
Our elf on the shelf is dead forever and I am so relieved
I (38M) accidentally ended up tracking my wife's(38F) periods and realized that my entire life revolves around her cycle...concerned about her health and wondering if I should say something?
No one but my mother and I know that almost every meal I make for her is revenge.
My (24F) boyfriend (32M) told me he was a doctor. I walked in on him behind the counter at Taco Bell.
Dogs are extremely unpleasant
My mom caught my dad with a 16yo and covered it up.
I bought my sister’s wedding dress
I (20M) have been hiding tens of thousands from my parents for years
I purposely made a girl fail a test in elementary school.
why does my tongue follow dentists tools
Would you rather commit any one crime, and get away with it forever, or win any argument you ever encounter?
Przed każdymi wyborami...
Powrót PiSu
Are any other girls glad we don't have balls and a pp hanging between our legs/getting in the way?
Would you rather change biological sex every time the sun rises and sets, or have your skin color shift dynamically based on the UV index?
i guess internet safety only applies to girls
I used to get high in my teachers car before school
What’s the worst city you’ve ever visited?
Would you rather never need to sleep or mind reading powers
Was Bin Laden aware that crashing a plane into the twin towers would actually cause them to fully collapse?
real tho
What's your "I'm calling it now" prediction?
What are some ways in which you practice micro feminism? Go unhinged
My husband [43M] uses name-calling towards me [31F] frequently, how can I limit it?
NSFW: what specifically is a P. DIDDY freakoff?
I pretended to be French for two weeks at work and now I can’t stop.
How do men become friends with each other so quickly?
How are you feeling about Trump revoking enrolment for international students at Harvard?
Wife wants to separate.  Isn’t willing to try anything else.
Delivery drivers of Reddit, what’s the most WTF, NSFW, or hilariously awkward thing you’ve walked in on while dropping something off?
“I love you?”
I was fired from Company A and marked as ineligible for re-hire, and then begin working at Company B. Now, Company B is going to merge with Company A. What's going to happen to me?
I leave sunflower seeds in random cracks and corners. I’ve been doing it for years.
WYR tell the truth for an entire year and win $50 million ($1 million in debt if failed) or, reject the offer and just keep living your life?
Ever run into and not recognize an ex? How did it go?
WYR have infinite money/resources or infinite time control?
How do I [22F] talk to my boyfriend [33M] about contributing more fairly to our shared living expenses when he says it's "not his house"?
I spammed a coworker with email read receipts for three weeks. Always the same email.
What is the most unhinged thing that happened on a girls night?
90s and 2000s were a hard time for body image for women. What was the most extreme diet or exercise you did in consequence of that “skinny” propaganda?
how do friends with benefits take each other seriously when having sex?
Would you rather serve 15 years in a medium security prison, or two years hard labor in a poorly ran lithium mine.
A woman I slept with is claiming she is pregnant with my baby with no actual proof. What do I do?
Every day for the next ten days is going to be the same backwards:5/20/25 5/21/25 5/22/25 5/23/25 5/24/25 5/25/25 5/26/25 5/27/25 5/28/25 5/29/25
I F[23] let a guy finish just by licking my bellybutton..I didn't think it was possible!!
It's convenient that water can't get cold enough that drinking it injures us the way that really hot water does.
What’s one thing society praises women for that actually feels exhausting or performative? Please share your experiences or general thoughts.
If you can fight against a T-Rex to win a billion usd in a virtual death game and you get to pick a perk, which perk WYR pick?
Most people are disgusted by insects touching their food but happily enjoy eating honey, which is made by insects regurgitating nectar into each other's mouths.
WYR be the first human to have sex with an alien and receive $100,000,000, or have $10,000 right now ?
Which pill you choosing?
This girl from HS used to make fun of my body and now I have a fat baby.
I woke up and theres a 5 in my hair??
I can smell when people are sick and it’s driving me insane.
Men, especially young men, what do you think has changed for men who are 18-25 in the last several years, both positively and negatively?
I made an AK. With paper. Alongside other guns. Do y’all do this as well?
Why do guys expect us to give head when they aren't down for the same
I took a charger that was plugged in at the airport.
WYR do 10 years in Black Dolphin Prison and receive $50,000,000 on release or receive $5,000,000 right now but in 10 years John Wick is coming after you?
Do you still masturbate even if you are having sex regularly? If yes, why?
Why do restaurants leave the tails on shrimp in pasta dishes where the shrimp get covered in sauce?
When I was 12 I did something with my best friend's little sister in front of him.
I only hate this type of girls
When a military aircraft does a flyover for the national anthem, they're showing you just how precisely they can time an air attack.
Why do "picky eaters" always seem to gravitate toward the same foods? (eg. chicken tenders, fries, pizza, buttered noodles)
I helped my ex through chemo. Now he’s engaged to the nurse he met during treatment.
On Vacation in Japan and I ejaculate much further. What is the cause?
i literally live in country with 99.99% white population tf is this edgy guy on💀
Folk who did something in Vegas that did not stay in Vegas, what happened? (NSFW)
If all humans suddenly lost the ability to lie, what industry would collapse first?
What’s a sexual “red flag” you ignored because the person was hot?
Men of Reddit, how many men do you know who have cheated on their wives and their wives are still unaware of it?
Why am I regularly getting hit by gay guys whereas I get nearly 0 attention from women?
What are some male stereotypes that absolutely grind your gears?
It’s incredibly stupid having Batman and Superman in the same universe
Why is our society anti-pubic hair??
There must be so many intended "before" photos we never see because the person didn't lose any weight.
Ongoing anal dispute between SO and me.
Men: What's the most thoughtful thing a woman has done for you?
What’s your “ the worst she can say is no” experience?
I’ve been substituting for elementary kids and I’ve never seen kids behave this way.
The laws we are expected to live by are never actually spelled out clearly for us at any point, without paying to consult a lawyer with specific questions.
The time I gave head to a stranger in the bathroom at a pub
WYR complete all these 20 dares and win $5 million or pass? (If failed to complete all, you still get $1,000 for each dare you complete)
My 15yo idiot kid got his GF pregnant on purpose.
What's something rich people do that the average person has no idea about?
My husband [31M] brought chocolates and cookies to another mom at our son’s school not sure how upset I [39F] should be
Update: husband has a new chosen family he prioritizes and sees every week, I’m jealous and frustrated
What is your favorite insult without using curse words?
Your future self is watching you right now through memories.
GUYS. GUYS I DID THE THING
Tabasco is hands down the undisputed champion of the absolute worst commercially popular hot sauces available.
HELP- My fiancé gets emotionally dysregulated when I take care of myself or express needs
My brother’s new girlfriend is everything my ex said I’d never be.
My partner (27F) said she found a nail in our bedroom.
I'm [18F] I badly need an advice i should stay at LDR situation with my [20F] or not
What’s the worst excuse you’ve ever heard from someone accused of rape?
How many average men in their 20s-30s can do 10+ pushups, really?
Your brain can generate a thought so complex that even you don’t understand it.
"Can I speak to a human?" will eventually replace "Can I speak to your manager?"
What is the hotel receptionist doing on the computer for 5+ minutes when I check in?
To the people who previously thought they found their soulmate, when did you realize they were not the one?
“Wow, I sure wonder why I am single”. Me with girls:
How do I tell my gym crush my real name after giving a fake one?
I’m (35 m) about to leave my fiancée (29f) and it’s killing me
Gamers of Reddit, what are good videogames to play with your non-gamer girlfriend?
What insecurity in a partner do you actually find attractive?
Women with nipple piercings, what is something you wish you knew before you got it done?
I let my homie get SA'd by a female at a house party when he was wasted.
The first horse to be ridden must have been surprised.
Do women with Flat chest have to wear bra?
Blind people would probably be really good at picking locks and cracking safes.
How much are people making from Onlyfans?
